edge-22.1.2 (#7584)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

# Changes

## edge-22.1.2

This release sets the version of the extension Helm charts to 30.0.0-edge to
ensure that previous versions of these charts can be upgraded properly.

* Reset extensions Helm chart versions at 30.0.0-edge

> * Pin multicluster extension pause container version to 3.2 so that it will work
>   on m1 macs

Reviewer: This really impacted all Arm architectures
```suggestion
* Pin multicluster extension pause container version to 3.2 so that it will work
  on Arm architectures
```
